Feature/ntc multi (#449)
AntaresSimulatorTeam/antares-xpansion: docs/user-guide/get-started/candidate-definition.md

program with outages and RES intermittence varying according to the
scenarios.

## Using different profile depending on Monte-Carlo year

> With Antares simulator 8.2 users can define different NTC chronicles for different Monte-Carlo year. Briefly, users defines any number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Antares_Simulator 8.2, users can define different NTC chronicles for different Monte-Carlo years. Briefly, users defines any number
```

of chronicles for each link. For each link users can select or define randomness to select one 
of the said chronicles in a result we call "scenario"
(more information in antares simulator documentation). In Antares Xpansion it is possible to use 
those scenarios to select different link profiles for a given Monte-Carlo year. There are a few pre-requisite:

> 1) On a candidate, direct and indirect link profiles must have the same number of column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) On a candidate, direct and indirect link profiles must have the same number of columns
```

> 2) The same rule applies for already installed direct and indirect profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) The same rule applies for already installed direct and indirect profiles
```

3) The number of column in link profile and already installed profiles must be the same

> 4) The number of column for NTC chronicles on a given link must be the same as the number of column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) The number of columns in link profile and already installed profiles must be the same
4) The number of columns for NTC chronicles on a given link must be the same as the number of columns
```
